So in the last video we kind of looked at a way for us to simulate default parameters kind of having
these fallbacks in case someone writing in our program doesn't pass in some arguments for a particular
parameter.
So in iOS 6 we pretty much don't need to do this we can just comment that out right there.
I know right all of that just to find out you don't even need it.
So what we'll do now is make a new a sync function and we can define default parameters we have syntax
for that so we can do you r.
And then to define a default parameter.
You take your parameter and you said equal to something like that.
So the timeout equals 2000 for the callback.
I'll just set it equal to a blank function or matter of fact we'll make it cancel out log something
so all the consul LOEG and then we can do a like so.
And then after that we should be good to go.
So we can go ahead and stretch this just to kind of make it easy to read.
I know it's a pretty long one right there and you can also break these on multiple lines if you want
it to just to kind of make it if it makes it easier for you to read than by all means do it.
But either way with that being said next thing we might do is go inside here do somethin like set time
out.
So of course a time out like so and then we'll do our function and inside of here we'll call our callback
like so and then we'll pass our time out like so.
So that way we get something a little more authentic slightly.
So then what I can do is I can call a sink and I might pass any you are like foo and then if I save
it and reload it you'll see that it prints out.
So in other words even though I didn't specify a timeout it still worked.
But now if I want to specify a time out I can.
So I get to four thousand like so and it'll wait even longer.
So it's actually working.
Cool.
Now 4000.
Now if I want to pass in a callback but I don't want to pass in a value for a time out then I can pass
in undefined for this one.
And then for the function that I pass in I'll just pass in something like it out log.
It still works like so then whenever it's time for this to be invoked you can see it prints.
It still works so if you want to pass in a argument for one of your parameters but not the other you
can just pass it undefined especially if it's in the middle.
If it's not in the middle for example what we did with the callback when we have or we just wanted to
let the default be used.
We just don't have to pass it in.
But if it is in the middle you can just specify undefined by the way just as a quick side note don't
pass in null because no is considered to be valid.
In other words it's going to get passed through.
So the default parameter value that you define won't be used.